README.md, before:

# Ciaran's dwm build
dwm is an extremely fast, small, and dynamic window manager for X. This is my personal build.

## Dependencies
In order to build dwm you need the Xlib header files.

## Installation
Edit config.mk to match your local setup (dwm is installed into
the /usr/local namespace by default).

Afterwards enter the following command to build and install dwm (if
necessary as root):

    `make clean install`


## Running dwm
Add the following line to your .xinitrc to start dwm using startx:

    exec dwm

In order to connect dwm to a specific display, make sure that
the DISPLAY environment variable is set correctly, e.g.:

    DISPLAY=foo.bar:1 exec dwm

(This will start dwm on display :1 of the host foo.bar.)

In order to display status info in the bar, you can do something
like this in your .xinitrc:

    while xsetroot -name "`date` `uptime | sed 's/.*,//'`"
    do
    	sleep 1
    done &
    exec dwm


## Configuration
The configuration of dwm is done by creating a custom config.h
and (re)compiling the source code.

Commit message:

increase gaps, change main font

README.md, after:

# Ciaran's dwm build
dwm is an extremely fast, small, and dynamic window manager for X. This is my personal build.

## Dependencies
### Fonts
	- Noto Nerd Font
### Other
	- In order to build dwm you need the Xlib header files.

## Installation
Edit config.mk to match your local setup (dwm is installed into
the /usr/local namespace by default).

Afterwards enter the following command to build and install dwm (if
necessary as root):

    `make clean install`


## Running dwm
Add the following line to your .xinitrc to start dwm using startx:

    exec dwm

In order to connect dwm to a specific display, make sure that
the DISPLAY environment variable is set correctly, e.g.:

    DISPLAY=foo.bar:1 exec dwm

(This will start dwm on display :1 of the host foo.bar.)

In order to display status info in the bar, you can do something
like this in your .xinitrc:

    while xsetroot -name "`date` `uptime | sed 's/.*,//'`"
    do
    	sleep 1
    done &
    exec dwm


## Configuration
The configuration of dwm is done by creating a custom config.h
and (re)compiling the source code.
